Docs 5.x review update (#510)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/release_notes.md

# Release Notes

#### 2024-3

> * EMQX Cloud is known as EMQX Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* EMQX Cloud is known as EMQX Platform.
```

> * EMQX Dedicated is upgrade to v5 version with bunch of new features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* EMQX Dedicated is upgraded to v5 version with a bunch of new features.
```

Reviewer: 是不是应该稍微介绍下主要的feature？
